.
I'd love you to find that video of him explaining that on Jimmy Doar.
That would be interesting.
I'd appreciate that.
It tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst-case scenario.
Again, you know, I'm having to go down this pathway because of curie-isms and, you know, his lack of imagination.
I'm wearing the masks when I'm required to.
So, that's the best I can do with that.
I have no particular insight with regards to this pandemic.
See, if you think about it, you know, if we're defining vaccine really liberally and these COVID vaccines or vaccines, the flu vaccine is vaccine. Okay.
But actually, they're kind of cheating when they're calling these things vaccines and, you know, anything with really rapidly fading efficacy such that you need shots within a year, you know, Canada saying nine months.
Uh, is as actually JJ Coe's insistence and I think he's right on calling them transfections rather than the vaccines.
I'm not sure exactly who he is. His name is JJ Coe, and I believe he's a consultant for CHD.
And I believe he has a PhD in some sort of scientific discipline from what I understand.
He's scheduled for 60 minutes next. He's going on French, British, Italian, Japanese television.
People everywhere are starting to listen to him.
It's embarrassing.
Early, but I want his high morbidity. I want people to complain. So what do I do? I go to Des Moines.
Ladies and gentlemen, people on the screen, I have nothing against Des Moines. I live there for four years. I go to Des Moines. I infect a couple of sentinel cases in Des Moines.
I go to Seattle. I infect a couple of cases there. I go to North Carolina. I go to Wisconsin. What I'm doing is I'm using a dispersion methodology to be able to infect sentinel cases with a highly morbid condition.
These individuals complain. Again, this is a central nervous system condition. So they're complaining of whatever the bug may do.
It'll produce some cascade of neurological and neuropsychiatric signs and symptoms.
And then what I do, the real bug that I use is the internet.
I take attribution for that. Yes, I'm a terrorist group.
And I have done this by infecting with a highly little agent, and the first signs and symptoms of lethality are X, Y, and Z.
These people are really sick with this.
But then I say, others who are also infected will show subdramal, pre-dramal signs of lethality, and what that will be is anxiety, sleeplessness, agitation.
What I've now done is I've got every individual who is diagnostically hypochondriacal, and I've got every individual who's the worried well flooding the public health system banging on the door.
The CDC comes back and says, nonsense. That's not real. I come back and say, that's fake news.
And as a consequence of doing that, what I do is I create a schism between the polis and the public health system.
I fracture the integrity of trust and reliance upon the population and its government.
I'm not going to do that.
I am not going to do that.
While we all had explained this.
While we started to understand
passing the city of the A's
one side to the gate.
You don't understand, Mr. Grant, the bomb's a holy weapon of peace.
It's a pretty hard thing to say five times in a row, diagnostically hypochondriagal.
It's a pretty good one.
He's an absolute master or a raider.
Thanks very much for joining me everybody.
I got everything going in just one second here.
There's a few more slides to run through.
I've got a few more things to set up.
It's a patch climber.
It's a news brief for you.
That's where the high resistance load noise comes from.
And you can find me and go on biological.com.
I'm not really sure it's a depopulation agenda.
I don't really think they want us all dead.
They want to get everybody that they can onto a new system.
They need to take advantage of the amount of potential experiments to be had.
The amount of potential experiments to be done.
I really think they need to take advantage of that.
I don't think... I mean, you know, I don't know though.
I wish I knew.
But I think it's more of one than the other, although I do agree.
There's plenty of lawns to be mowed, so to speak.
Plenty of lawns to be mowed.
So yeah.
Modified RNA and everything will kill.
Next five years.
Here we go. It's a pretty good prediction.
We don't have long to wait anymore.
Five years is practically no time for me.
Because we've already been doing this for four years.
Four years. Can you believe it?
I can't believe it was four years ago that I rode my bike.
You know, like, think about that.
That's a...
It doesn't seem like that long ago.
I got a different house.
I was renting to own.
I was hoping to live in that house for, like, ever.
And then this happened.
Wow.
Yikes.
And then this happened.
Now we're in 2024 with this same illusion of consensus.
Somebody stole that name and put it on a blog.
I don't know if they stole the name.
You
That
Subs
The
You
It's not even January of 2020 you've already accepted all of this stuff before you know it. It's March of 2020. They're already talking about variants and
Before you know it. There's people like Brett Weinstein or whispering about gain of function and
Pretty soon before you know it ran Paul and Tony Fauci are arguing in front of the Senate about gain of function and
the faith in the novel virus
Has you in its grips
Just because you stayed home and watched some TV and
From the very beginning ladies and gentlemen, I was sitting outside of my should have been house
With the woods behind me in a fire
Saying that biology was the way out
Now I hadn't at that time in 2020 gotten so sophisticated as to understand that at the heart of this is the vaccine schedule
at the heart of this is the intellectual property and and
legal indemnification of vaccines all in the middle of this this
pile of motivation is
The childhood vaccine schedule
And we should be taking it down we should be putting calling for a pause because
That language is very crafty because it seems like you're not really
Actually asking for anybody to stop. We're just asking for you to pause
And so you might see it as clever you might see it as weak
I don't know. I think it's kind of clever in the sense of you know, it doesn't scare everybody doesn't sound quite so coarse
But it has the same effect
Strict liability for all pharmaceutical products again, this is language we should be using but not very many people are
I would say actually none are using it
Investigate the use of deadly protocols, you know, I investigate the illusion of a pandemic and this is all very basic to explain now
Reclaiming our sovereignty and Congress needs to end the CDC
We've also kind of talked about how the pandemic was created because they had scientific programs that no matter what papers came out of those
Scientific programs they were going to end up with papers that said well pandemic potential seems to be here
It looks like we found some
If you give us more money, we'll find even more
And also through the tabletop exercises and finally at the start of the pandemic
It was so important for them to have podcasters and intellectual dark web members and also
freelancers
Private contractors out there ready to step in to control the narrative at news
Agencies at school boards at all these places
Anywhere they thought that they needed to really really be sure that this municipality stayed on narrative
They had somebody there. I can guarantee it. This was a national security priority
And
So this team of worst-case scenario people were there and also co-opted
part of the actual script might have been to wait and see who shows up and
When we say on the TV that we have this mass casualty event in New York City, we expect some people to run into the fire
And when those people come in we're going to catch them as they come in early and we're going to explain what's going on
And they're either going to choose to participate or they're going to go home and be quiet
And that's why making the response to the declared crisis and national security operation
allows them to restrict those people and how they talk about the narrative and
So finally then the narrative over the last two or three years
Has really
dovetailed perfectly into
being able to
Confound while it's the virus and oh, it's the spike. No, no, it's
Transfection. Oh, no, it's the
Transfection of the spike. No, we don't use the word transfection. It's the vaccine that makes you make the spike
And so the magic spell really has been cast it is really here now and
On our Christmas tree and our neighbors have been thinking that this is exactly what happened. Oh
My gosh New Year's Eve was depressing. It was the most artificial
The most artificial expression of that holiday ever
Was painful and really what that's what this that's what this is this
Faith here is this limited spectrum of debate as long as you don't question seven million people died as long as you don't question that
a lot a lot of people were probably saved by all the things that we did I
Mean we might have killed some people in the beginning
But you know that was just because we were making big mistakes or we were Russian stuff or we didn't know how to use ventilators at that time
But these people have given us the sense that there's free thinking going on that there is push back
Happening and there was no push back happening the push back that we saw on television was largely orchestrated or co-opted
The people that pushed back in the beginning were often co-opted and if they would not allow themselves to be co-opted
They were silenced
And so not only did we stalked about how the pandemic was created, but sorry this hat makes my head itchy
But it's cold in here. We've also talked about why the pandemic was created and I think it was created for some practical reasons
I
Think Michael Eden thinks that it was created for some practical reasons reasons that include a really nice easy way to change
To a digital currency a good excuse to do it
A huge transfer of wealth as they transfer us or as they transition us into a digital ID world
And they will probably use a cyber event or privacy invasion on the internet or
stolen
Identities on the internet to say that people have to have a a blockchain type, you know ID for the internet
And places like Twitch will probably be one of the first places they do it
So then we'll move to peer to by then hopefully
The transition to a digital currency will happen the exact same way maybe with the universal income
Proposals that are all coming out
If you don't want a digital ID, you don't have to have a digital ID if you don't want to have a
Use the digital currency. You don't have to do that. But if you take a digital ID, we'll give you free digital currency now. That's a
That's a whoo
That's a tempting one. I like steak, too
So
Transitioning youth into this is really what they want. They don't care about us old fogies
They don't care about us people over 50 years old. They care about you young people
You people that are still thinking about having kids you people that are still too young to have kids
They're thinking about how to change your mind about where your freedom lies in this in this grand scheme of plan and
This might disrupt family formation and for a generation. They don't mind that
Might destroy the cultural fabric of America. They don't mind that the rest of the West. They don't mind that Europe. They don't mind that
Because that fundamental chaos is what is required for them to reorganize the world whatever the way they're trying to do it
I don't know if there's multiple I guess there are multiple forces at play here, but
Honestly, I don't I don't I don't have the sophistication to make a great big, you know
Map of with all kinds of symbols on it that shows you who's connected to who and stuff like that
I just know how people behave and I know when people lie to my face and
That's why I show that picture in the beginning where Christmas I've met all those people safe
Reporter asked me at the last
This is a guy speaking in the third of December
2020 in Manitoba I understand I totally do I am the guy who has told you that you cannot shop I
Am the person who has come forward here in front of you 75 times and
Has asked you to do things you've never done before and has asked you to do that every day
You got to kind of remember that these people were asking us to do this stuff already for a year
After the first Christmas in 2020 and now we're at
2024 Christmases later. They're still doing this stuff. They're still talking this story and
As the past the lie becomes the truth, you know, we got to be very careful here
I don't like saying
But it's got to be said someone has to say it and
So I'm the one that took on this job to say it
When I was 14 years old I lived with my grandparents and I was late for school one day and
The principal was an ex military guy and Bill Taylor and he he met me at the door and he looked up at me
Because it was pretty gangly kid and he said something always remember
He gave me heck and then he looked at me and I guess I frowned or scowled or something
So he's trying to make the argument of course that he was forced to do it and we'll appreciate him doing it after this
And he's gonna start crying a little bit and stuff to really convince you that he feels bad about it
But this is a national security thing it was
A super large high mega priority
To get everybody on board
No holds barred say what you got to say do your best there buddy
Seats on the bus are limited
This is who you need right now I
Am that person I?
Will do what I believe is right and right now we need to save lives
If you don't think that COVID's real right now you're an idiot you need to understand
That we're all in this together. You cannot Wow fail to understand this Wow
Stay apart
So I'm the guy who has to tell you to stay apart at Christmas and in the holiday season you celebrate
With your faith or without your faith that you celebrate with normally with friends and with family that where you share
Memories and build memories. I'm that guy
And I'll say that
Because it will keep you safe
He's gonna cry the guy who's stealing Christmas to keep you safe
Because you need to do this now you need to do the right thing
Because next year we'll have lots to celebrate and we'll celebrate this year if we do the right thing this year
You don't need to like me. I
Hope in years to come you might respect me for having the guts to tell you the right thing and here's the right thing
Wow stay safe
Protect each other love each other care for each other. You got so many ways to show that
Early but I want is high morbidity so I play this in the beginning so what do I do?
I go to Des Moines ladies and gentlemen of people on the screen. I have nothing against Des Moines. I live there for four years
I go to Des Moines. I infect a couple of Sentinel cases in Des Moines. I go to Seattle
I infect a couple of cases there. I go to North Carolina
I go to Wisconsin. What I'm doing is I'm using a dispersion methodology to be able to infect Sentinel cases with a highly morbid
Condition these individuals complain again. This is a central nervous system condition
So they're complaining of whatever the bug may do it'll produce some
Cascative neurological and neuropsychiatric signs and symptoms and then what I do the real bug that I use
Is the internet I take attribution for that? Yes, I'm a terrorist group and I have done this by infecting
With a highly little agent and the first signs and symptoms of lethality are x y and z
O2 North Carolina now. I want you to listen to how he describes the symptoms of the
of the disease and how they overlay on the population and then I want you to think about
the idea that the biosecurity state would like to shift our
our
Vaccine schedule to a genetic based technology a
Biologics based technology or you might want to call it pro biologic because they're going to inject
lipid nanoparticles or they're going to
Electrapyrate you or they're going to make you inhale RNA or they're going to do all kinds of stuff but always with nucleic acids with the intent of
Transfecting you
Maybe DNA, but mostly RNA. I think and that whole shift
Will change the intellectual property space of all biologics
It will change the production and how all this is done with all these biologics
And in fact, they've used this money that they've given out of the last four years already to shift a lot of this production in that direction
As far as I understand or at least buttress what was there with more
and
So knowing that they're going to make this genetic shift
And I think one of the the people that's been most influential in my thinking about this has been Mark Koolack of Mark Housatonic
ITS
Is that if they're going to shift to this various tech
Various transfection technologies, they're going to need to
Hedge their bets or or or I don't have the right the right turn of phrase there
But but in order for them to cover their
Expect and they have the opportunity rather to cover the expected adverse effects of
Transfection and those are not unknown
Now they might not necessarily be widely published, but they're definitely not unknown
And so having
Done any experiments at all they might already know that okay, it's going to be this this this and this and in fact people have shown
Various patents for the lipid nanoparticles various patents for the RNA
With all of these side effects and and some of these documents from some of these commercial products are also
Showing a whole list of these side effects
Many of which were preemptively seeded in the narrative of the novel virus
Now there's multiple ways that could be done that could be done with
A toxin that produces things that you think that transfection will do it could be done by transfection
It could be we don't need to figure it out because we're not the detectives
We are just calling it a crime
Once we call it a crime then we'll investigate all that stuff and we'll figure it all out
But for right now, it's important just to see that he's going to describe a disease with it
It's a neuropsychiatric disease or a neurological disease with those disorders
But it wouldn't necessarily have to be that if we thought that it was going to be
strokes and and clotting and
Myocarditis or other
Cardiac problems, then we would just see that in the narrative of the pandemic before we rolled out the
Transfection for the pandemic and if we did it right
We would seed it with the actual spike protein that we're getting the the the target that we're going to
Focus our transfection on
So that in everybody's mind you wouldn't even need to be a scientist to understand that
Sounds like the spike protein from the virus is the same spike protein they put in that MRNA
So when you make the protein from the MRNA, it's the same protein as in the virus. So that ain't very smart
And everybody thinks that that this is just some kind of rushed
Boy, these guys aren't very smart. Are they man? Oh man, even I can figure that out and there you have it
And so while Giordano is kind of explaining how you would use a toxin
To create the illusion of spread and the panic associated with it
I want you to understand how another layer on top of this could be
Not only to use that psychological panic to generate the illusion of a pandemic with a couple mass casualty events, but
to
set up the psychological confound
confound of
the
effects of a protein on the virus versus the
Transfection of that protein and that is still ongoing
People are still selling supplements to detox from the spike protein
People are still talking about how the spike protein has had cardiac effects
People are still talking about how the spike protein can cause amyloidosis
But sometimes it's the end protein too
And so we've got to wake up ladies and gentlemen because we have definitely been fooled
on purpose
intentionally
with
with the idea of
And trapping our children have give them getting on that train because adults pushed him on the train
Because the adults indoctrinated them into this Santa Claus if we believe it they'll believe it
If we don't actively speak up and correct it for our children and say no
That's not what happened
And we need to reorganize and reorient because that's not what happened
They murdered people in America and a few other places and then said that was spread
And they most likely confounded PCR testing with a background
Made it seem like that was indicative of indicative of spread
Listen to the rest of Giordano and then we'll move on
I go to Wisconsin
What I'm doing is I'm using a dispersion methodology to be able to infect sentinel cases with a highly morbid condition
These individuals complain again. This is a central nervous system condition
So they're complaining of whatever the bug may do
It'll produce some cascade of neurological and neuropsychiatric signs and symptoms
And then what I do the real bug that I use
Is the internet
I take attribution for that. Yes. I'm a terrorist group
And I have done this by infecting with a highly little agent and the first signs and symptoms of lethality are x y and z
These people are really sick with this
But then I say others who are also infected will show subdramal
Pre-dram signs of lethality and what that will be is anxiety
Sleeplessness
agitation
What I've now done is I've got every individual who is diagnostically hypochondriacal
And I've got every individual who's the worried well flooding the public health system banging on the door
The cdc comes back and says nonsense. That's not real. I come back and say that's fake news
And as a consequence of doing that what I do is I create a schism
Between the polis and the public health system
I fracture the integrity of trust and reliance upon the population and its government
So that's the bottom part there right to help create the chaos necessary for a fundamental reorganization of how the world is governed
I do really think that that is probably in there as part of this digital ID digital currency
I'm not really sure what to do about it other than to try very very hard not to enlist ourselves in it
But i'm afraid it may take a lot more than that
It may take people on our side running for office
It may take hundreds of us running for office so that we can take back whole state legislatures
in order to really
Turn this ship around
there are a lot of
bridges so to speak that need to be remand
And uh
It's a lot of work that needs to be done because they have had this obviously planned for some time
It we're in
2024 ladies and gentlemen, there's no there's no if ands or buts about it anymore
If you look backwards and you see nothing but perfect tracks, I mean what what
And so it's the spread of these bad ideas
It's the cultivating of these bad ideas and it is the dissemination of these bad ideas by algorithm and by mainstream media social media
We don't even know if the number of people that it says watch my videos even see them
It could be a fraction of that
On the other hand it could be thousands more than that and it could always just report 2,000 people see my videos in three days
And it's never more than that and it's never more than that. It's always the same number every day
And they could be under reporting it by 20,000. How would you or I or anyone else know?
If they don't show us the twitter in the same way and they don't show us the facebook in the same way or the other things in the same way
Then how would we ever know?
It's just one dial
You
We have been fooled into believing that this worst case scenario is real and i'm so sure this is the way it breaks
I'm so sure that this is the way we break this this is the mythology. This is the weak spot right here this gain of function crap
This is the weak spot
Because it may be the only way to find i'm not
These virus people are going to say that i'm trying to resurrect the idea of a virus and i'm not
I'm trying to
Be as parsimonious as possible with all the previous observations
And
Not yet because of my lack of sophistication can i rule out
The possibility of genetic noise at this size scale
But i'm sure that they're telling us stories about high fidelity
RNA molecules coded in lipids that can go around the world for four years
And kill seven million people and infect millions more and justify the spending of trillions of dollars in the crashing of
economies and blah blah blah no way possible unless the goal was right there
To coerce a surrender of individual sovereignty
And a global fundamental inversion of human rights from freedom to fascism. That's what they're doing to our children
With this mythology we cannot let them imbibe it
So these are like
Historical documents about what was said and how the mythology was laid down there historical documents which really
They really document a false narrative
From all different angles from all different sides. I mean look at how how uniform
The the stories are look how uniform the themes are and i don't know if there's any difference between
um
All of them in the sense of what they think about the novel virus that killed millions
That's probably gain a function that will likely come again. All of these books say that
And this book at least somewhere inside of it
Has some faint hint
That actually it's gotten so sophisticated that they could just lie about this stuff and we would never know
And
There's lots of reason to believe that this virology stuff is kind of smoke and mirrors and so maybe they have lied about it
It's not the theme of the book. It's not the conclusion of the book. It's a hint that's in the book somewhere if you just pay attention to what I got
In there, that's it. That's all I can tell you. It's the best I can do
Because like all the other books up there. This is a book about
a great deception
And what the stories that people told
And if you want to crack this story, you're going to have to crack the story of those people
Between 2018, 1920, 2021 you're going to only see it
If you look back to 2021
And unfortunately really they they don't want you to look that far back
But the whole truth is still available on the internet. All you got to do is watch
And
So having this team worst case scenario was really important having it be a national security priority was really important because it motivates people in a different way
It makes people certain in a different way. It makes people feel elite in a different way
And so worst case scenario feels more patriotic in that way too
And
And so we got picked up on that road and we got in in the car with any number of people all of whom were under that pretense
Worst case scenario, but focus on one thing or two things and nothing else
And make sure that nobody really questions this faith
And
Make rivalries between you
It's literally turning into worst case scenario
And from march of 2020
Onward this faith in the novel virus was laid down
The latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst case scenario
And four years later the same characters are still saying the same things
And so what happens when we look at this character
What is he saying right now? What stories are he is he adding to this mythology?
Wonder what what he's adding to this mythology here
Oh
You silly get your mouse up in the right screen would you
Here we go from microbe tv. This is beyond the noise episode number 24
Sorry about that. On December 26th, 2023
Hope you don't mind I sped it up a little bit. I'm Vincent racking yellow and joining me today is your host dr. Paul off it
Hello, Paul. Happy holidays to you. You too today. Well, this is a video version of post column on sub stack
It's called beyond the noise cutting to the chase on important health topics and today
Just published this morning. We're going to take a look at post column labels matter operation warp speed and emergency use
Authorization and you say in your column during the early stages of the covid pandemic both the cdc and the fda
You certain words or phrases that inadvertently frightened or confused the american public. So let's start with operation warp speed
What exactly was that?
Right. So this was a program under the trump administration whereby they gave 11 billion dollars and bet on six companies to win one race
Basically taking the risk out of it for pharmaceutical companies and it made for a much much quicker timeline because
Technically when a pharmaceutical company makes a metal product like this a biological product
Wait, what was the series of stages? Wait, what did he say? Hold on? I got to slow that
No, I got to slow that down because I think I heard my friend
I think I heard my friend mark kulak say something to the effect of it being a horse race
a
Transfection horse race of sorts
And didn't he just say that warp speed was 11 billion dollars that was spent
To get six people to compete at six something something to compete. Did you hear that?
What exactly was that?
Right. So this was a program under the trump administration whereby they gave 11 billion dollars and bet on six companies to win one race
Basically taking the risk out of it for pharmaceutical companies and it made for a much much quicker timeline because
typically when a pharmaceutical company makes a medical product like this a biological product they go through a series of stages
And they're done sequentially they're not done pretty much all at the same time
And for example, you would wait to make sure that in a large trial
You're a vaccine in this case worked and was saying before saying committing to building a building and manufacturing
millions of doses where this here this was all sort of
Trunkated so it was it was a phenomenal program. Um, I think frankly
Here was a virus that was first raised its head and entered the human population in late 2019
Um as an animal to human spillover event the virus was isolated and sequenced by january of 2020 and 11 months later
You had a vaccine, uh, using a novel technology
Using a sequence from a single dude
Um, and yeah bet on six companies to win one race is actually what he said
11 billion dollars bet on six companies to win one race
I'm wondering if mark kulak isn't cooperating with
Um
With paul off it in some way and i'm actually not being fooled
Um, i'm going to need to do some research. I think they might live
Uh close to each other. So it is possible that we're being fooled here
Um, but i'm going to keep the video playing for right now. Just kid and mark
To draw an a with which we've had no previous experience
Um, and the size of those two clinical trials and Pfizer, Moderna's mRNA trials
were the size of any typical adult or pediatric vaccine trial
I think it honestly was the most amazing scientific achievement in my lifetime
And i'm old enough to have, uh, lived during the polio vaccine era. So
Yeah, I think that it lived longer than me
And I thought it would take five years at the onset to have a vaccine and we had it in a year
So the program is great, but what's the issue?
Think about the amount of nonsense that's going on here
And i'm old enough
Which we've had no previous experience
Um, and the size of those two clinical trials and Pfizer, Moderna's mRNA trials were the size of any typical adult or pediatric vaccine trial
I think it honestly was the most amazing scientific achievement in my lifetime
And i'm old enough to have, uh, lived during the polio vaccine era. So I think it was amazing
Yeah, I I think I lived longer than you and I
Thought it would take five years at the onset to have a vaccine and we had it in a year
So the program is great, but what's the issue with the name?
Well, so so the um
It was an fda senior person the fda who was a star trek fan
And so he liked the name, uh, worst speed, which at least if you're a star trek fan
You would realize means speed faster than the speed of light
And so he gave it that name. I it was
Uncomfortable, I think for some people to see this happen as quickly as it did because you can understand it
People thought if it's being made this quickly when typically a vaccine takes 10 years to make 15 years to make 20 years to make
I was fortunate enough to work on the rotary sex and it took 26 years to make
How can you possibly make it this fast without truncating a critical stage in the process or worse?
Ignoring safety guidelines. So I think when people heard the term warp speed if anything that didn't allay those fears
Sadly, so you could have argued maybe we could have called it, you know operation defeat covid or end the pandemic something like that
Um, this is really operation warp speed too
And you think about it because and you know, that's better than me that the polyovacine really was was
Made much more quickly because of the the money that was put into it by the march of the he can't stop
He can't stop mentioning the polio vaccine. It's like the sixth time he brought it up. I think he survived
Um, he survived the polio
Epidemic and and the plague and something else indeed. It's really amazing to me how
How all in they are on the mythology at this point. I mean they are just all absolutely all in
These are the best thing that's ever happened in his lifetime better than
the polio vaccine
Isn't that what he said? I mean, do I need to go back and listen to that one more time? I think he said that
He's had and entered the human population in late 2019
Um as an animal to human spillover event the virus was isolated and sequenced by january of 2020 and 11 months later
You had a vaccine using a novel technology messenger RNA with which we'd had no previous experience
Um, and the size of those two clinical trials of Pfizer, Moderna's mRNA trials were the size of any typical adult or pediatric vaccine trial
I think it honestly was the most
Amazing scientific achievement in my lifetime and i'm old enough to have uh lived during the polio vaccine era
So I think it was amazing
Yeah, I I think I lived longer than you and I thought it would take five years at the onset to have a vaccine and we had it in a year
So the program is great, but what's the issue with the name?
Well, so so the um so the odd thing is here is of course, they're not really being honest, right if they just said
Okay, the the fda just approved whatever they were given or that it was a a
A military priority or a national security priority to roll this
To roll this thing out. They were taking advantage of the opportunity to do it
Any of these things don't jive with what he just said. It's really bizarre
because
It really doesn't five years at the onset to have a vaccine and we had it in a year
So the program is great, but what's the issue with the name? And so they the idea that they
They just gloss over this that it's they're supposed to be sequential because they're dependent on one another these five steps
You're supposed to adjust one for the other you're supposed to learn something from each step
It's not supposed to be done
In such a way where where you progress from one to the other never mind doing it all at the same time
And of course, that's what it became so confounding about it any of the stuff that was done in animals was completely ignored
Because the human trials were sped up and done and then those preempted the it's
It's so disingenuous
Well, so so the um
It was an fda senior person the fda who was a star trek fan
And so he liked the name
Worf speed which at least if you're a star trek fan you would realize means speed faster than the speed of light
And so he gave it that name
it was
Uncomfortable, I think for some people to see this happen as quickly as it did because you can understand it
on people thought
If it's being made this quickly when typically a vaccine takes 10 years to make 15 years to make 20 years to make
I was fortunate enough to work on the road of ice vaccine
It took 26 years to make how can you possibly make it this fast?
Without truncating a critical stage in the process or worse ignoring safety guidelines
So I think when people heard the term warp speed if anything that didn't allay those fears sadly
So you could have argued maybe we could have called it, you know operation defeat covid or end the pandemic something like that
This is really operation warp speed too
And you think about it because and you know, that's better than me that the polio vaccine really was was
Made much more quickly because of the the money that was put into it by the march of dine
Which was a private philanthropic organization that basically paid these companies to make a vaccine while it was still being tested
So in a way it was similar to that and and so it was a great program
But I think by naming what we named that it didn't allay the fears that things weren't being done too quickly
Yeah, but that's that's a sort of hindsight thing. Well, who knew that that was going to be an issue, right?
Exactly. It's always easy
I mean, I thought
We on twiv often discussed how probably wasn't a great name, right? Because anytime you imply speed people assume you're cutting corners and
Hopefully
next time
We will have learned from this and we won't do that, right? But who knows
Right, I think the thing that really didn't worry people legitimately was that we were coming it was an election year
2020 was an election year and here you had an election that was happening at the beginning of november
Well in order to complete the the safety protocols
Which is to say to follow up two months after the last dose in this case the second dose
That took you into the beginning of september
So there was i'm sorry to the beginning of december so that that would have been after the the election and
Then president trump wanted to move this along
He wanted to have the vaccine before the election
And so he put a lot of pressure on the fda commissioner who at the time was steve and han
To do this now to make sure we didn't have that two month waiting period
But rather had a little less than a month waiting period and han to his credit stood up
He was brought into the into the oval office and an invective late and tirade
Was screened that to get this done early, but he stood tall and so we had that two month safety
Which would you had to have so it all did work very well, but I think you're right. I think the name
Implied speed and speed always implies, you know that corners could be cut
So they're trying to imply that at the last minute the trump administration tried to cut some corners at the end but this
New administration somehow or they somehow
Made them wait two more months
To complete the rest of the safety investigation
Because two more months will tell you a lot about transfection and you know how how art I mean
It is spectacular
They think that that our neighbors and family are dumb
About the polio vaccine. Well, it's true that the uh the march of dimes
National foundation. They really pushed jonus saw to do it very quickly
We've been working on a polio vaccine since the virus was discovered in 1906
So I always like to say it took 50 years to get the science together, you know
Understand how it's transmitted understand there are three serotypes and so forth
And then that made it ready for for jonus saw to do that and of course
All of that science adds up and and it was used for
Covid vaccine is he taking credit for the polio vaccine like saying that he couldn't have done it without us or he wasn't there, right? So
Yeah, I know he just says it weird like we'd been working on a vaccine. He wasn't even I mean, it's not that old is he means as well?
Maybe that's a really good point and technically mRNA vaccines weren't new
I mean the sense that they've been worked on since 2005 initially in an attempt to make an HIV vaccine
So that's a good point. So the second word set of words that you write about is
emergency use
Authorization tell us what that is
That's the term that you use instead of licensure because
The the techniques of the style in which the FDA really supervises program was we're different than would have been done for a typical
Vaccine made on the typical timeline. I mean typically the way it works is that you know the company is
finished their phase three trial
And then submit their biological license application to the FDA for approval which takes about 10 minutes and during that period of time
the FDA licenses
What's the problem here
What is he not telling our family and friends? Was he not telling college students?
What is he not telling all the people that are watching him and trusting that he's giving the right information?
Sorry for the blower in the background. That's the heater in here
He's not telling them that this has to do with the prep act in an emergency crisis declaration
By health and human services and specifically I believe
it's the office of
The I don't know who does it. I think it's the health and human services secretary that declares an emergency if they declare an emergency under the prep act then
Emergency use authorizations can be granted
So he's making it seem like it's just a bad name for something that is you know a little bit sped up
And it's not really it's it's about the same as how they do it normally. No, it's completely different
Because now anything that is granted in EUA is completely indemnified
You don't have any liability
And so it's a very different
Manufacturing and and product space than any other
In existence and it even supersedes that of a
Of a vaccine because there you at least have this vaccine
Injury something something vicp here you have or no, that's the cicp here
You have the vicp and that's only for certain things. I mean it's extraordinary
I don't think remdesivir is gonna be that's not gonna be a problem. That's not gonna be vulnerable for anything
Because it's just a drug unless you
Has they've shown in one or two cases where they can show that it was dirty
That it was contaminated but remdesivir is a poison
But because it was given in EUA, they're just completely indemnified and anybody that used it is completely indemnified
So he's not really telling the truth here at all. I mean, he's not he's not even remotely telling the truth
The process by which the product is made were by the company submit a series of protocols that are looked at very carefully by
The FDA and they also licensed the building and that occurs following then that biological license application
That's not the way it happened here. The way it happened here was it was ongoing
I mean the the FDA was clearly supervising the protocols the FDA was clearly supervising the building in which these
These vaccines were made so it was happening in real time rather than later
So really it wasn't in the end any different the final product this product that was
Authorized from emergency. You saw authorization was the exact same as the product that would have been licensed
But because the term was used emergency use authorization there were people like remember F Kennedy jr
Or ron Johnson who was a republican senator from Wisconsin or type of harleson who said i'm not getting that vaccine
I'm not getting this emergency vaccine
I'm going to wait until the vaccine is licensed and a number of people picked that up
They chose to wait till the product was licensed
They chose to wait till the product was licensed then they couldn't get karmanity anywhere
Because all the vials were labeled the other way
And it was actually the whole that was the whole that was another
False narrative
It was another easy thing for people to say well i'm not going to get it until it's it's uh, you know, it gets approval
I'm not going to get it till it's fully approved. So that was just another way to sucker you in
Was another bamboozlement
And now he's reverse telling that story and he's blaming it on tucker carlson
robert f Kennedy jr
And and it's so disingenuous. It's just sad
I'm pretty sure bobby kennedy didn't say maybe he did
That he wasn't going to take it until it was approved. I don't I kind of doubt it
But I don't know it could have been
I know I didn't say that and I know that makes no sense
Because transfection and healthy humans is dumb
Was um ridiculous in the sense that it was the exact same product
So all they were doing was leaving themselves at risk unnecessarily
Has this term been used before paul
They were leaving themselves at risk unnecessarily waiting for it for approval like wow that just seems like a huge risk
I mean waiting for six months for fda approval knowing how valuable fda approval is that's
It's almost like he's making that argument. Do you hear it?
It's almost like he's making the argument that the fda is pretty much a
Wet piece of tissue paper when it comes to a regulatory body
So waiting for the fda to approve it is kind of really waiting for somebody to I don't know
Sweeped
There's not even a good enough analogy here. They're going to approve it
You know they don't even look at anything so waiting for fda approval is kind of laughable
And so you might as well take it now if you're going to take it at the time that they approve it
That's the argument he should be making
I think it has in certain situations, but it was new to me
I mean, I'm I'm voting member on the fda vaccine advisor committee
I hadn't heard that before and I can tell you that when we had that December meeting the first was on December 10th
Of 2020 we did bring that up because all this notice that this was really no different
In terms of the way that it was being supervised. It was just being done more quickly
And so we worried about the word emergency and would prefer just use word authorization
I think it would have scared people who less why couldn't they have just licensed it immediately
Called it lifestry. I think that's that's a very good question because certainly it was the rigor
He's still arguably the same and certainly it would have also helped
I think because I mean I was fortunate enough to be on this fda's vaccine advisor committee
Well, I got to meet people like mary group or feel crafty these sort of long time uh senior members of the fda
Who are who are very rigorous and and and anybody who uh spends any time dealing with people who work at the fda are really
Encouraged by how careful they are how thorough they are. I do think they tend to be fairly quiet
Nice if they got up in front of the meeting said look this is what we're doing
This is how we're regulating this product who kind of reassure people, but uh, they they didn't do that. Of course
Again in hindsight
Wasn't a great idea to call it an EU a lot of people didn't even understand it as you said some people took advantage of it
But many many americans simply didn't understand
What it meant so I think you know the fda has had long many years
Tradition and and they do their work very well, but they have to be a little more flexible. I think and
And this is a time when they should have been and it just said we're gonna license it, but again, how would they know it's hindsight, right?
Right, I think in theory their communications people could help them out with that
And I think they I do think I feel the way about the cdc as well
I think we really need to get out there and explain things in detail and like not at a level
On h grade level meeting newspaper level where you know people untrusted people will understand it
Some people won't understand but but you know do your best to try and explain it in detail trust the american public that they can understand the detail
Including scientific details. Well, I do hope that these two
kinds of issues the
Warp speed and the eway. I hope in the next pandemic. We don't use them. I hope the fda in the cdc
Remember you can find paul off it at beyond the noise. We'll put a link to that in the show notes
That's beyond the noise with dr. paul often. Thank you paul. Thank you
Yeah, get out of here. Why are you not getting out of here? There we go
Close that window
So, um
I do really think we are making a lot of progress
I do I do really firmly believe that
um
What?
Why did you do that? I said here
You demon
Yes
I do really think we're making a lot of progress
Why is there a yellow box around that thing?
There shouldn't be a yellow box around that
No outline
Um
I do really think we're making a lot of progress
I do really think that we have come a long way and I do really think we're starting
2004 24 in a very strong position
um
But
It's now really a crucial time and in this year in the next coming months as we move into spring
I do really think it needs to start to become the conversation that maybe they told us a story about what happened
And actually they just murdered people in 2020 and 21
and called it evidence of spread
And
We need to come to terms with with grit and come to grips with the possibility that this is exactly what all these
These worst-case scenario people are now trying to cover up and make sure that we never come to that conclusion
We never do the math and it never becomes obvious to us that that's what happened
And
And so I am drawing this diagram differently because I want you to see
That 2020 and 2021 are becoming compressed
um and the reason why they're becoming compressed in this image is because
Those years are being compressed in our memory
Nobody even wants you to think about what they were saying in 2020
But I do I would love for you to try and investigate what I was saying in 2020
Find what I was saying
Clip the best clips and send it around the world. Please find what I was saying in 2020
Because in 2021 I became more confused than I was in 2020
Because I started to think that the
Transfection could be having an effect on the virus and that the virus was actually circulating
That those variants meant something I became more and more bamboozled by the aggressive nature
Of all the experts that I was surrounded by the sea of information that I was flooded with
And the almost infinite challenge that it was to try and cut through the
Absolute nonsense that I was surrounded by people throwing at me
Livestreaming about me
Livestreaming with me
Blogging about this stuff sending me
Articles about this stuff making sure that I couldn't see through the illusion of consensus
To the point where I was also a part of the faith in the novel virus
Convincing people that this was a lab leak
Riding my bike around saying that it was a that probably could have what happened
And my only saving grace is that I came to the conclusion quite early that if there's something going around that got out
It would be much better for us to get it
And make immunity to it like we do to all the other stuff and there's no reason to believe that it's any worse than anything else
Maybe we're treating these people wrong
Can you believe it?
I said those words
It's in multiple videos
That's why nobody makes any clips
And so this faith in a novel virus is being sustained because they want it to be passed to our children
They want us to there are children to believe thank heaven
Transfection works better than expected next round will be great
And this faith is a lie
We must break it
We cannot let our college kids. We can't let our young college kids
We can't let high school kids get on this train
And high school teachers a lot of them are on this train
Young kids teachers like my kids teachers are definitely on this train
Where it makes perfect sense to put a mask on if you're sick
It makes perfect sense if you put put a mask on if your kids are sick in the room
Makes perfect sense
A
Symptomatic spreads definitely reel all this stuff about gain of function is in the back of their heads
We've got to get it out and get it out now or the train's going to leave the station and the way we do it
is with biology
We're going to call for a pause on all
Vaccinations in the United States because the United States schedule is the one example of incredible malfeasance
At least in other western countries. They keep most of the shots be after six months. They encourage breastfeeding
We've got multiple studies that show that breastfeeding is a great way to detoxify
And it's also a great way to keep a break on the immune system
So that in the event of a vaccination gone wrong where the immune system is over activated or or disrupted in some way
It is dampened
by the breastfeeding
And so you don't we don't know how it works
but we do see that breastfed babies tend to have less injuries less less
Illnesses associated with with vaccine injury
And so there there are there is biology here
But the only way that we're going to expose this by we don't need to expose it anymore
The only way we can act on this biology rather is to call for a pause and we call for a pause because it's a little weaker
Word that means exactly the same thing
Has a complete stop and we advocate for strict liability because it's not randomized controlled trials that we want because if we want those
They'll do those and they'll rig them and they'll cut them short just like they did on this one
And they'll say that placebos we don't need placebos because those that's not ethically
Okay or morally cool
We just got a call for strict liability. It's that simple
Investigate the use of deadly protocols to cause mass casualty events
Investigate the use of mass casualty events and transfection to create the illusion of pandemic
Take back our sovereignty and get rid of our cdc's
How to see the medlers who are currently playing the game for the
The upcoming control mechanism. I think if you really want to see them what you've got to look for people who just don't
They don't even mention the childhood vaccine schedule at all
They won't even come close to it
And I think if you look at some of the
The dissident heroes on the list you can it's a very short list of people who will even approach
the childhood vaccination schedule to comment on it never mind to say something as bold as
Intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb
very
Rarely will they cite the use of deadly protocols to cause mass casualty events is a meaningful data point in other words
Even when they have data of their own that they've gathered on their own amassed with their own work
They might not spike that football very often and but instead focus on the vaccines
And I think the more important
Football to spike is the one that there was no pandemic in the first place. So every single one of these shots
Should have never been given
They do not use the word
They don't use the word clone. They don't attack
Ideas they attack people instead. That's why people never talk about what jay kui says. They just talk about jay kui and finally
They're not able to summarize across the entire show and if they do they're just learning to do it and they haven't done it for three years
Or longer
So we are at a timepoint where they can feed the AI the most genetic diversity and the most repetitive genetic
homogeneity
So they have a very homo homo homo homo homo homo homo homo homo homo homo homogenous
homogenous population in India, very homogenous populations in China, large
populations that are relatively homogenous when compared to the West. And
so over here you have a very heterogeneous population and so you have two sides of
a scientific experimental coin and the maximum number of people that they ever
want to have on Earth again. I mean does that not sound like the perfect setup
for like 30 or 40 years of experiments? I think it does but we could also see it
as a time point where humanity has a chance to awaken and reorient. And I
think that's what we should be trying to advocate for as we move forward in the
future. That's my goal. That's what I would like to advocate for because I
think that's what really you know my kids and Nathan's kids they all they all they
all they all they all they all need that they really do. Sorry about that wrong
button there. Still an amateur at this one-man show thing. They are trying to
eliminate the control group by any means necessary. They're being kind of quiet
about it but I assure you that's still the goal. Intramuscular injection of
any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system
is dumb. Transfection in healthy humans is criminally negligent and viruses are
not patterned integrity.
These are the supporters of gig home biological the current subscribers of
course I still have to have to thank people like Greg James and Rodney Mullen
and Eddie boss up there in Canada and Jeff from Earth and Cara a lot of the
bigger supporters behind the scenes to do way more than subscribing but the
subscribers are where we want to go in the future the idea would be to have
enough subscribers for this operation to just fly on its own and then we can
say what we want to say and we can push whatever ball forward we want to push
and we can start to do a lot more because we can probably teach courses and all
kinds of other things with the right amount of support so that's where I'm
trying to go in 2024 hopefully by the end of the year we'll be able to make a
decision about what we do and how we move forward if you want to help out at
all it's Giga on biological.com thank you very much for joining me and I will
see you again tomorrow night
I believe it's much more likely it's a lab leak. Stop lying! Stop lying!
you